Osaka Big Monster Village
Quasi-Yu office the other set is Tominaga Andy's entry number # 10
Ooh
In Osaka expedition tournament admission Tominaga anri's
Twenty years old
Cute power is fully open performance just for Anison Grand Prix
I was looking forward to seeing you
It is a complete solo stage that told the performance that seems to be a brother so black pre
Yeah I'll go
This chest is also like a needle nail like this
I'm wrapped up after school looking at you
n is the time navigation 1
ani
It is secret because it continues 2
ana
If you say the character and the post constituency after all costumes after all look great people after all
I think the most important factor was that it was made for entertaining sake
When you show off the performance to entertain people
Hanshin Tigers Edition
Simple to see 5 of the moon below 5
Appeal is also time Come exhaust Gacha from anime Caesar feel who have seen the current fiscal year
There is a piece with a monday pet pet ok that has an automatic roller power selling pattern
When I was Festivo
Hyakkoi vehicles and to those of the magnanimity good degree storage stability Yuki哉
Thought
ana
Po Nwa N such her real face
It's the highlight and it's vivid
It was a temple or it seemed to be really broken
I think John was chosen
I had you finished the fun uses
I think I'm thinking yes I'm studying Japanese history at university Currently she actually chose Japanese history
The number of warring states
After the Hen
A game called Sengoku basara
Japan 4 so as to study on their own become another mess like you are but there is a
Become a department
How Samurai is about is the kind of era now
Now it says half is Hanbe Takenaka now Nagahide Mari is over at Ji Naga
I was able to see it a little deeper
I asked her to take a photo on the theme of anime and me
It's really good
Part of
I think I like pretty girls and so on Figure Collection
It is not unbearable girl I am just remember You do not do Morne
Well who is the recommended life expectancy now ?
Oh my
The color was shed male
So it is In FIG. Yacha-chan you any notes
Tomorrow hard
Leather
Because also it was super best so far
The true Ani Taggall has a whirlwind smile and dance as a weapon in the final competition
Will it cause
Bright cash service ac pushed forward to everyone
Prisoner to be so minute also really hard for everyone up to a lifetime hard my best because now
I will do my best, thank you